...Ben, au final, c't'igidou, hein?

Eugene Dating
Eugene tells you about the kind of place he’d like to live one day.
Eugene and you casually discuss your romantic history.
Eugene brags about his prowess at cooking romantic dinners.
Eugene shares a funny anecdote with you. He has many.
Eugene asks you about your hopes and dreams, and listens diligently.

Eugene Platonic
Eugene chats to you about his favourite workout routines.
Eugene and you discuss new potential battle strategies.
Eugene excitedly tells you about goings on in Harbourtown.
The two of you trade battle tips as time passes uneventfully.
Eugene discusses with you the differences between your two worlds.


Felix Dating
Felix shows you some drawings he’s recently done.
Felix eagerly tells you about some new story ideas he had recently.
Felix politely listens to your thoughts.
Felix chats with you about your favourite food.
The two of you bond over some shared experiences.

Felix Platonic
Felix quietly and intently sketches as the time passes.
Felix muses about food he’s unable to acquire in New Wirral.
Felix recollects some fun anecdotes about citizens of Harbourtown.


Kayleigh Dating
You and Kayleigh discuss fond memories of places you visited as children.
The two of you laugh over embarrassing moments you’ve experienced.
Kayleigh discusses her aspirations with you.
The two of you have a light-hearted conversation about your romantic histories.
Kayleigh chats to you about the places on earth she’d like to visit.

Kayleigh Platonic
Kayleigh engages you with an enthusiastic discussion on your favourite dog breeds.
You and Kayleigh casually discuss the mysteries of New Wirral.
Kayleigh tells you a funny anecdote about her life.
Kayleigh tells you about her various ventures helping out the people of Harbourtown.
	[deny_scene_path = "Gramophone"]
The two of you have fun throwing twigs into the campfire.


Meredith Dating
Meredith describes to you in great detail a horror movie she once saw on television.
You and Meredith discuss places you’d like to visit one day.
Meredith works up the courage to compliment your appearance.
The two of you have a personal and intimate conversation.
You compliment Meredith and it greatly embarrasses her. She appreciates it, though.

Meredith Platonic
Meredith makes small-talk with you.
You try to make small-talk with Meredith, but she’s not very talkative at the moment.
Meredith complains about some minor grievances in her day while you listen.
Meredith eagerly recounts the plot of a fantasy novel she adores.
The two of you sit quietly. Meredith doesn’t have much to say right now.


Viola Dating
Viola recites some beautiful poetry she once studied. Her performance is beautiful.
The two of you exchange some cute pleasantries.
Viola tells you about her aspirations in a rather personal conversation.

Viola Platonic
Viola tells you tales of her adventures as a child.
Viola tells you of the beauty of her home country of Messaline.
Viola asks eagerly about what your life was like before you came to New Wirral.
You tell Viola about life back on your world